This is my literate programming support package.  Its main purpose is
to provide syntax highlighting in multiple source languages using
NoWeb, GNU make, and a number of other freely available packages.  It
can be configured to use one of several different highlighting
packages (listings, GNU source-highlight, Andr√© Simon's highlight),
and can produce PDF and HTML output in several different ways
(pdflatex, xelatex, noweb-l2h, tex4ht).  It also has several hacks to
make literate programming, especially in C, easier.

For details, read the source.  It's meant to be read, anyway.  On the
other hand, instead of reading the source code, you can just read the
users' manual:

   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/build-doc.pdf
   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/build-doc.html

For more details, see http://darkalpha.homelinux.org/literate/.  That
page has a complete summary of the history of this project, including
some much older versions of the build system.

Producing the PDF and HTML output from scratch is trivial if all of
the prerequisites are met, but rather than forcing you to read the
NoWeb source to find out those prerequisites, I have provided the PDF
and HTML output as well.  One of these is all you need, since they have
the source attached (and have instructions for detaching).  These are
available in the downloads section:

   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/build.pdf
   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/build.html

The documentation referenced above is mostly the Usage section of the
code, split out into its own file using the documentation reinsertion
facility.  The source code for both the split out documentation and
the build system are attached to those files, so no further downloads
are required.

There are a few extra C utilities that I use in a lot of my other code
as well.  It's pretty poorly designed (at least namespace-wise), but
very convenient for me.  Read the source for details; it's shorter
than the build system's users' guide.  Again, these have their own
source attached, as well as the source for the build system.  However,
they do not have instructions on how to extract and build; see the
above for that.

   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/tjm-ext.pdf
   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/tjm-ext.html

In addition, the build system has a mechanism to create a tarball of
the extracted sources, which should no longer depend on the presence
of NoWeb.  This tarball is most useful if you actually want to compile
the tjm-ext library without using the build system from scratch:

   https://bitbucket.org/darktjm/literate-build/downloads/build-src.tar.gz

For all of the downloads listed above, I may upload less frequently
than I update the git.  Updating the git from my personal sources is
scriptable, but as far as I can tell, uploads are not.  It's too much
trouble to keep 6 files up-to-date all the time.

Don't bother with ada-build.nw, since it is a work in progress
abandoned years ago.  It does work with some of my old Ada sources,
but is mostly a non-functional repository for my old version 1 and 2
code.  The only reason it's here is that this is a mirror of my SVN
build directory, where that happens to reside.
